added release note for content-box and stroke-box in transform-box pr… (#29313)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/118/index.md

- The {{cssxref("font-synthesis-position")}} property and `position` value for {{cssxref("font-synthesis")}} shorthand property are now supported. These allow subscript and superscript typefaces to be disabled for fonts that do not have glyphs for them when using {{cssxref("font-variant-position")}} ([Firefox bug 1849010](https://bugzil.la/1849010)).
- Multiple CSS [math functions](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions#math_functions) are now supported: [`abs()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/abs), [`sign()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/sign), [`round()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/round), [`mod()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mod), [`rem()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/rem), [`pow()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/pow), [`sqrt()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/sqrt), [`hypot()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hypot), [`log()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/log), and [`exp()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/exp) (Firefox bug [1814589](https://bugzil.la/1814589)).
- A new keyword `from-font` in the CSS property [`font-size-adjust`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-size-adjust) enables picking the desired `<font-metric>` from the first available font (Firefox bug [1708240](https://bugzil.la/1708240)).

> - The CSS property [`transform-box`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-box) now supports the values `content-box` and `stroke-box`. The `content-box` value uses the [content box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) and the `stroke-box` value uses the box that contains an SVG's shape as references (Firefox bug [1819464](https://bugzil.la/1819464)).

Reviewer: How about this (taking help from the [`transform-box`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-box#values) property page):
```suggestion
- The CSS property [`transform-box`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-box) now supports the values `content-box` and `stroke-box`. For the reference box, the `content-box` value uses the [content box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) and the `stroke-box` value uses the stroke bounding box that contains an SVG's shape (Firefox bug [1819464](https://bugzil.la/1819464)).
```

> 
> #### Removals
> 

Reviewer: The `font-size-adjust` update has accidentally moved under "Removals". It should be under "CSS".
```suggestion
```

- Multiple CSS [math functions](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions#math_functions) are now supported: [`abs()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/abs), [`sign()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/sign), [`round()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/round), [`mod()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mod), [`rem()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/rem), [`pow()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/pow), [`sqrt()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/sqrt), [`hypot()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hypot), [`log()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/log), and [`exp()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/exp) (Firefox bug [1814589](https://bugzil.la/1814589)).
- A new keyword `from-font` in the CSS property [`font-size-adjust`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-size-adjust) enables picking the desired `<font-metric>` from the first available font (Firefox bug [1708240](https://bugzil.la/1708240)).

> - The CSS property [`transform-box`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-box) now supports the values `content-box` and `stroke-box`. These values enable more precise positioning of the origin of SVGs during transformations, depending on the type of content within the SVG (Firefox bug [1819464](https://bugzil.la/1819464)).

Reviewer 2: @dletorey This has merge conflicts.

This feels a little odd. 
- These are CSS properties but you only refer to their use within SVG. If you look at the related issue it is not even clear `stroke-box` applies to CSS or content-box to SVG (i.e. see the parts `Bug 1819464 - Part 5: Support stroke-box (for SVG layout).`, and `Bug 1819464 - Part 4: Support content-box (for CSS layout).`
- Is this true?: 
- 
  >  "enable more precise positioning of the origin of SVGs during transformations, depending on the type of content within the SVG" 

  The reason I ask is that if you look at `transform-box` it defines the layout box to which transforms are applied. So it isn't clear how this would more precisely define the precise positioning, or how this would depend on the content.

   If you say yes, then fine!
   
Can you see the disconnect?

Author: I can indeed, I'm trying to work out how best to describe this.
